Update the guide to get started (#1848)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/install-development-vm.html.md

---
owner_slack: "#govuk-2ndline"
title: Get started on GOV.UK
description: Get started with the development VM (deprecated)
layout: manual_layout
section: Development VM
last_reviewed_on: 2019-07-09
review_in: 3 months
---

> Follow the steps on this page to get your GOV.UK development environment running with a [VirtualBox][] VM, managed and configured by [Vagrant][]. Note that you should [probably use govuk-docker](/manual/get-started.html)

Reviewer: I'd make the deprecation notice a bit more explicit.

```suggestion
**Note that these instructions are deprecated in favour of [using govuk-docker](/manual/get-started.html), as of July 2019. Proceed at your own risk.**

This page describes setting up a local GOV.UK development environment with a [VirtualBox][] VM, managed and configured by [Vagrant][].
```
